OSDOCS-13692: Updated dual-stack to single-stack for IPv6 (#90524)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-dual-stack-convert-back-single-stack.adoc

[id="nw-dual-stack-convert-back-single-stack_{context}"]
= Converting to a single-stack cluster network

As a cluster administrator, you can convert your dual-stack cluster network to a single-stack cluster network. 

[IMPORTANT]
====

> If you originally converted your IPv4 single-stack cluster network to a dual-stack cluster network, you can convert only back to the IPv4 single-stack cluster and not an IPv6 single-stack cluster network. The same situation exists for converting back to an IPv6 single-stack cluster network. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you originally converted your IPv4 single-stack cluster network to a dual-stack cluster network, you can convert only back to the IPv4 single-stack cluster, and not an IPv6 single-stack cluster network. The same restriction applies for converting back to an IPv6 single-stack cluster network. 
```

Reviewer: I think that this wording is slightly clearer, but your call, of course.
